Add gh run watch guidance for GitHub Actions monitoring (#3)
OpenHands/skills: skills/github.md

You can use `curl` with the `GITHUB_TOKEN` to interact with GitHub's API.
ALWAYS use the GitHub API for operations instead of a web browser.
ALWAYS use the `create_pr` tool to open a pull request

> If the user asks you to check GitHub Actions status, first try to use `gh run watch` (https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_run_watch) to monitor workflow runs, and only fallback to basic API calls if it is not successful.

Author: ```suggestion
If the user asks you to check GitHub Actions status, first try `gh run watch` (https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_run_watch) to monitor workflow runs (make sure you set a larger timeout for your bash command so CI can finish), and only fallback to basic API calls if that fails.
```

> If the user asks you to check GitHub Actions status, first try `gh run watch` (https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_run_watch) to monitor workflow runs (make sure you set a larger timeout for your bash command so CI can finish), and only fallback to basic API calls if that fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user asks you to check GitHub Actions status, first try to use `gh` to work with workflows, and only fallback to basic API calls if that fails.
Examples:
- `gh run watch` (https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_run_watch) to monitor workflow runs
- `gh pr checks 200 --watch --interval 10` to check until completed.
```

Reviewer: I also saw OpenHands (GPT-5.0 without `gh` installed) using `curl` in a loop, in a shell script with `jq` and a small timeout, successfully until workflow completion 😅 

`gh`, where available, is used more often and convenient
